---
layout: post
title: "It Takes a Province: The NLSA Solidarity Collaborative Project"
categories: Research, Workshop, Talk, Canadian Stuttering Association, Conference
---

Thanks to Greg O'Grady for his presentation at this past weekend's CSA conference.

It Takes a Province: The NLSA Solidarity Collaborative Project
Greg O'Grady w/ Brent Foote, Sandy Crowley, Paul De Decker

In Canada, services for persons who stutter (PWS) are determined provincially. When the Newfoundland and Labrador Stuttering Association (NSLA) first formed in 2018, it discovered that there was inadequate information about services and supports for PWS and for persons with other communication challenges. The NSLA set out to facilitate a broad collaborative project, involving people from the community, government, and academia with the aims of raising awareness about stuttering and communication-based challenges, collecting information about available services and supports, and identifying gaps. From surveys to films and podcasts, this workshop will illustrate our approach and share the outcomes.

What to expect:
Collaborative research replacing individual, scholarly efforts.

Participants will learn that a collaborative approach to research and advocacy can facilitate societal change supporting marginalized and underrepresented groups within levels of government, health / mental health and education.

We hope that the audience will be inspired to take a similar approach to stuttering awareness in their own communities, one that can break down attitudes, stigmatization and barriers.

https://stutter.ca/conference2021/sessions/it-takes-a-province-the-nlsa-solidarity-collaborative-project/
